{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f34\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f35\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f37\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f39\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f40\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f41\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f42\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f48\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f50\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f53\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f54\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f55\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Boeing 747-400 Model}{\author Rex McDonald}{\operator Rex McDonald}{\creatim\yr2005\mo5\dy18\hr1\min23}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy13\hr10\min48}{\version8}{\edmins5}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords271}
{\nofchars1547}{\*\company Personal Use}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8269}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 Star Wars Landspeeder
\par -----------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Thank you for buying!  If you have any questions, need additional textures, or support issues, please feel free to contact me directly.  
\par 
\par Rex McDonald
\par rex_mcdonald@comcast.net
\par rex@perspectx.com
\par 
\par Please note that there are extras you can download after purchasing the model.  If you cannot download these extra resources, contact me.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2\fs20 Geometry: Polygonal
\par Objects: 29
\par Polygons: 20407
\par Vertices: 21422
\par Textures: Yes
\par Materials: Yes
\par Jointed: No
\par Animated: No}{\f2\fs20 
\par }{\f1\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 Animation
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 
\par Most moving parts are pivoted and divided to be useful for animation.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 3DS Max, Lightwave, XSI, Obj Notes:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 
\par You may have to adjust the bumps to a different depth after I converted the files.  I have a limited capability of checking each translation, but my technique has been modified by previous problems/issues so hopefully all will go well.  Contact me if not!

\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 3DS Format Notes:
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 
\par Please note that texture names are in the 8.1 format (due to 3DS format limitations of my exporter).  Therefore, if you want to use one of the alternate textures, please take care to rename the appropriate files after unzipping the textures.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\fs20 Copyright Notice
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\fs20 
\par Purchaser's Rights}{\f1\fs20 
 - You have the right to include this asset in your own productions, which produced and/or sold for their own merit.  You have the right to distribute the likeness of this model in 2 dimensional formats including images and video.  Y
ou do not have the right to re-distribute or sell this asset, or derivatives of this asset in it's 3 dimensional format.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20 
\par Seller's Rights - }{\f1\fs20 PerspectX, inc. owns the copyright for this product, and reserves the right to sell and distribute this product.  Ev
ery asset is either the artistic invention of PerspectX, inc., or has been commissioned by PerspectX, inc. providing PerspectX, inc. with legal copyright ownership.
\par 
\par }}